README.md, before:

# Intro

This example demos how to share React Context between Host and Remote App by using shared library.

- `host` is the host application and it's wrapped with `NavContext`
- `remote` is standalone application that consumes `NavContext` and can update the its values.
- `shared` is a library that is shared between `host` and `remote` applications. This lib contains `NavContext`.

# Running The Apps

1. Install dependecies: `npm i`
2. Start the apps: `npm run start`

Apps are running:

- `host`: http://localhost:3000
- `remote`: http://localhost:3001

# Demo

Once the apps are running, you will land on the home page with links to the remote apps.

The first link navigates to the remote app that is imported directly `(./App: ./src/App.tsx)`.

1. Click on the `Go to remote app` button.
2. Note: See the input field prefilled with the value provided from the host app.
3. Change the value and click the `Save` button.
4. Note: The title of the top navigation has been updated.

You can either go back using the `Go Back` button or navigate to the root and perform a hard refresh.

The second link navigates to the remote app that is bridged using `@module-federation/bridge-react` utilities. `(./Bridged: ./src/export-app.tsx)`

1. Click on the `Go to remote bridged app` button.
2. Note: See the input field is not prefilled with the value provided from the host app.
3. Update the value and click the `Save` button.
4. Note: The title of the top navigation has not been updated.

Commit message:

feature: working demo of the sharing the context with bridged components

README.md, after:

# Intro

This example demonstrates how to share React Context between Host and Remote App by using shared library.

- `host` is the host application and it's wrapped with `NavContext`
- `remote` is standalone application that consumes `NavContext` and can update its values.
- `shared` is a library that is shared between `host` and `remote` applications. This lib contains `NavContext`.

# Running The Apps

1. Install dependencies: `npm i`
2. Start the apps: `npm run start`

Apps are running:

- `host`: http://localhost:3000
- `remote`: http://localhost:3001

# Demo

Once the apps are running, you will land on the home page with links to the remote apps.

The first link navigates to the remote app that is imported directly from `./src/App.tsx`.

1. Click on the `Go to remote app` button.
2. Note: See the input field prefilled with the value provided from the host app.
3. Change the value and click the `Save` button.
4. Note: The title of the top navigation has been updated.

You can either go back using the `Go Back` button or navigate to the root and perform a hard refresh.

The second link navigates to the remote app that is bridged using the `@module-federation/bridge-react` utilities. `(./Bridged: ./src/export-app.tsx)`

1. Click on the `Go to remote bridged app` button.
2. Note: See the input field prefilled with the value provided from the host app.
3. Update the value and click the `Save` button.
4. Note: The title of the top navigation has been updated.

When working with the bridge components, the context needs to be passed as a prop, and a new context has to be created.
Context is held within the app tree of the React itself.
